c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\KinectKeyboard.exe.config
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\KinectKeyboard.exe
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\KinectKeyboard.pdb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.g.cs
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\KinectKeyboard_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\KinectKeyboard.g.resources
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\KinectKeyboard.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\KinectKeyboard.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\KinectKeyboard.exe
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\KinectKeyboard.pdb
C:\Users\Jakub\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\KinectKeyboard.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jakub\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\KinectInteraction180_32.dll
C:\Users\Jakub\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\KinectInteraction180_64.dll
C:\Users\Jakub\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Jakub\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Jakub\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Interaction.dll
C:\Users\Jakub\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Controls.pdb
C:\Users\Jakub\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Jakub\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Jakub\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectKeyboard\KinectKeyboard\obj\Debug\KinectKeyboard_MarkupCompile.lref
